doc/rados/operations: typo in stretch-mode.rst (#38311)
ceph/ceph: doc/rados/operations/stretch-mode.rst

zones, we expect each site to hold a copy of the data, and for a third
site to have a tiebreaker monitor (this can be a VM or high-latency compared
to the main sites) to pick a winner if the network connection fails and both
DCs remain alive. For three sites, we expect a copy of the data and an equal
number of monitors in each site.

Note that the standard Ceph configuration will survive MANY failures of the
network or data centers and it will never compromise data consistency.  If you
bring back enough Ceph servers following a failure, it will recover. If you

> lose a data center, can still form a quorum of monitors, and have all the data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lose a data center, but can still form a quorum of monitors and have all the data
```

Author: Pushing this change.

For instance, you might have data centers A and B, and your CRUSH rule targets 3 copies
and places a copy in each data center with a ``min_size`` of 2. The PG may go active with
2 copies in site A and no copies in site B, which means that if you then lose site A you
have lost data and Ceph can't operate on it. This situation is surprisingly difficult
to avoid with standard CRUSH rules.

Stretch Mode
============
The new stretch mode is designed to handle the 2-site case. Three sites are
just as susceptible to netsplit issues, but are much more tolerant of
component availability outages than 2-site clusters are.

To enter stretch mode, you must set the location of each monitor, matching
your CRUSH map. For instance, to place ``mon.a`` in your first data center ::

  $ ceph mon set_location a datacenter=site1

Next, generate a CRUSH rule which will place 2 copies in each data center. This
will require editing the CRUSH map directly::

  $ ceph osd getcrushmap > crush.map.bin
  $ crushtool -d crush.map.bin -o crush.map.txt

Now edit the ``crush.map.txt`` file to add a new rule. Here
there is only one other rule, so this is id 1, but you may need

> to use a different rule id. We also have two datacenter buckets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to use a different rule id. We also have two data center buckets
```

Author: Ah, here's an example of what prompted my desire to harmonize the other way.  This line refers to a defined CRUSH bucket type, whose name decisively does not contain a space, so we have to refer to it that way.  Ie, this is a proper noun in a way.  Other usages of `data*center` refer to a building/hall/room that is used in a certain way.  

https://github.com/ceph/ceph/blob/master/doc/rados/operations/crush-map.rst#types-and-buckets

This is part of why I favored harmonizing on `datacenter`, to be consistent with the CRUSH bucket type.

`id` though I need to uppercase, as we're talking about CRUSH not Walter Pidgeon.

Reviewer: In this case, I think you're right. The IBM Style Guide wasn't written with CRUSH bucket types in mind, and your impulse to refer to them correctly is correct.

Crazy reference to Walter Pidgeon being injured, by the way.

Author: _Forbidden Planet_, "monsters from the id" 8^)
